Title: Independent minds.Collective spirit.

Main Text:
A member of the Russell Group andone of just four UK universitiesrated bothgold for teaching and top 10 for research, we combine academic excellence with social purpose.

Find your next steps at York at our Open Days on Saturday 20 and Sunday 21 June 2026.

Discover our diverse range of courses and find your potential with a postgraduate degree from the University of York.

We inspire and change lives. A member of the Russell Group, our thriving research and innovation culture is at the forefront of new knowledge and understanding.

Our researchreflects our extraordinary and diverse community and partnerships. From a spark of curiosity, we explore the unknown and open up new ideas and opportunities for all.

Scientists have solved a 40-year-old biological mystery behind Sleeping Sickness.

Nearly 16 million records revealing seven centuries of life across Yorkshire have been made available online.

Study shows why reducing air pollution deaths isn’t just about cutting emissions.

Dr Gill Francis champions the importance of soft skills while breaking down barriers to opportunity for others.

York moves into the global top 50 for Arts and Humanities, according to prestigious rankings.

Psychoanalyst and author Adam Phillips talks with Hugh Haughton about his recent book, 'The Life You Want'.

Institutional award in recognition of our ongoing commitment to gender equality.

University leaders take on 125 mile walking challenge to raise funds for community learning centres.

Working with the Russell Group and NHS partners to help build a more resilient healthcare system.

Technology developed here at York is on the latest SpaceX mission, helping to advance quantum communications.

Our safe and inclusive campus environment and our student-friendly city provide everything you need to make the most of your university experience.

Make friends for life, discover new passions and learn invaluable skills. Discover why you'll love York.

Be right at the heart of the action. Choose from a range of room types on or very near to campus.

Lively, full of culture and beautiful, York is regularly voted one of the best places to live and visit in the UK.

These are challenging times for many of our community. We're doing what we can to help and are committed to supporting where we can:


Lists:
- Search for a course
- Browse courses
- Undergraduate courses
- Postgraduate taught courses
- Research degrees
- Online and distance learning courses
- Global crises support and action we're taking
- Equal Access Fund for asylum seeking students
- Support through the cost of living crisis
